hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today I'm gonna
give you guys a little room tour but I
like all of you have a room tours on my
channel this is actually my real room
room I actually live in because all of
my have a room tour so far have been
dorm tourists so where'd was boarding
school or university it was always kind
of a room that I only had for a little
while but this is where I actually live
so yeah let's get into it so this is
what my room looks like when you walk
into it you can see there's my bed and
then a little bedside table and then
lots and lots of pictures on the walls
and then here we go another little table
and lots of books under it and then here
is my desk and then the other side of my
room is pretty much taken up by my
wardrobe which is pretty massive so yeah
I'm gonna show you guys the different
parts of my room and I'm gonna start
over here with my bedside table on top
of my bedside table I have this little
pineapple thing you're actually supposed
to put this up on the wall as a sort of
oil decor I don't really like that so I
just keep it on here and I put my
jewelry on it at night but it actually
hides this wireless charging port I use
this sometimes for my phone but I don't
use it too much so I usually just hide
it with the pineapple because I don't
really like the way it looks and then I
have this thing here for jewelry I don't
really use it too much because I keep
most of my jewelry in my wardrobe so I
just keep my keys and some key chains on
there so yeah this is actually Mikey
from Cambridge they haven't asked to get
it back yet but I'm sure they will and
then down there I just have some other
stuff and then just a few spares for my
ear plots and then here this thing is
literally just for decoration it
actually belongs to a bottle of
champagne and they just kind of wrap it
fan sleeve I don't really know why but
yeah I like the packaging so I asked a
person if they would be willing to give
it to me for decoration so yeah they got
their bottle of champagne and I got some
room decor now my bedside table can only
have this wireless charging port because
it is actually connected to electricity
and that's why it actually has an
average charging port so you can just
plug in your charging cable and then you
can charge your phone down here
I personally prefer doubt but yeah you
can also just chart it up there it
doesn't really matter and then in this
dora i also keep the book that I'm
reading at the moment so right now I'm
reading the price of inequality and then
I have my err plots here lots of
sleeping masks because I sleep with a
sleeping mask I don't know from you just
helps me fall asleep to just kind of
black out the rest of the world and then
in here just keep a few things like for
example my vitamins and I'm a little
protection angel that someone gave to me
as a gift so yeah those I just keep in
there as well and that is my draw so
yeah then under my bedside table I have
a few boxes and a little rapid lamp as
you may know I had a rabbit for 10 years
and she passed away last year but she
was really really lovely and so I have a
lot of rabbit themed room decor like
this lamp
I don't really turn it on ever I just
keep it here as a decor I really like
the way it looks and I think it's pretty
cool now in these boxes I mostly keep
memories and things like that so for
example in this little box I just have a
lot of letters that some friends wrote
to me that I didn't want to throw away
because I really like them so I just
wanted to keep them same for this box by
the way I know I don't buy a lot of
fancy stuff usually people wrap their
packaging in like old boxes that they
got when they bought something things
like that so yeah we recycle a lot in
her family and personally I like using
these boxes because I think boxes are so
overpriced and like you know normal
furniture stores so I like to use these
because I think they do the job just as
well and now take a look at this box
which admittedly does look a little
rough at this point but yeah for now it
does the job but if I find a better one
I will replace this box so in here I
have just some body lotion and some
other stuff but the most important thing
are these two books so this one is love
and misadventure by Lang leaf and the
other one is lullabies by the same offer
these are poetry books and I love them
so much I think her poetry is so
beautiful and I love to read these
before I fall asleep now I actually
bought digital copies of both of them so
that I can read them with a black
background I think that's kind of easier
on your eyes when you're trying to fall
asleep but yeah I used to use the paper
copies a lot and I would highly
recommend her poetry especially is
something that you can read before you
fall
sleep because it's not too heavy but it
is very very beautiful to read so yeah
these are my free boxes that I keep
there and my little rabbit lamp I'm
moving on to my bed you can probably
tell that I love pillows umm I actually
don't really sleep on lots of pillows so
all of these I kind of just throw to the
side when I go to bed and I only sleep
on this one but I love this effect of
having lots of pillows on your bed and
it's something that I really wanted to
recreate when I redecorated my room so
that's why there are lots of pillows but
they don't really serve much of a
purpose to be honest but yeah and then
we also have this hat over here I don't
wear this a lot but I don't really have
space anywhere else for it so it just
stays here but yeah you may have seen it
in quite a few of my videos because I
usually filmed them from here so yeah
then I'm just sitting there and talking
to the camera
and of course there are also rabbit
themed stuffed animals because it
wouldn't be my room without them so I
have this little white rabbit here my
rabbit was a white rabbit as well but
she didn't have these long ears and then
I also have this pink rabbit here which
I actually bought while I was in
boarding school in Hong Kong so it's
sort of a memory of both of my rabbit
but also of my time dealer and then I
also have this little thing over here
it's a really really useful thing
because you can just take your laptop
put it on there and then you can work on
your bed personally I wouldn't recommend
doing schoolwork on your bed but you
know for things like video editing it's
perfectly fine so yeah and then I have a
little candle on there I never light
that candle so yeah and then just some
other decoration stuff I love as I said
little boxes and stuff because you can
just hide stuff in there so in this one
for example I have my bluetooth speaker
I haven't used this one in a long time
but yeah it's here and then also my
agenda I don't really use my paper
agenda that much anymore because I've
kind of gone digitally but yeah it's
still here and then there is all of
these pictures on the walls so most of
these frames are from Ikea I think
actually probably all of them but yeah
omni's they're usually quotes um so for
example this is a poem that I really
liked and we analyzed it in English
class so then I printed it out and just
added a picture to it and
yeah put it in here most of these I just
took from like Google Images some of
them I just made quickly on affinity
designer but yeah that's pretty much
what this is it's just basically a wall
of quotes that I really like you may
have seen that on my blog I have a
section where I just share quotes that I
love because yeah I'm someone who's
really into quotations for some reason I
don't really know why but here you go
right next to my bed I have this carpet
and I actually have it twice I really
love them they're from Ikea but they are
super super slippery so I keep some
adhesives under it which are especially
for carpets I love them because then you
can actually use them because otherwise
you are doomed to fall so yeah don't use
them without adhesives and then up here
I have my lamp this is also from Ikea
pretty much my entire room is from Ikea
like this is sort of an IKEA ad but it's
not sponsored I promise but yeah this is
my lamp and I love it because you can
close it which is great in the evenings
in the morning because then you don't
have all of its light coming out of it
so it's just a little bit easier on your
eyes but throughout the day you can keep
it open and I think it looks amazing
when it's open moving on to this corner
of my room
there are these two fluffy blankets
which I just keep here I love blankets
just you know because I usually get cold
during the night this one is actually
one which I got in the u.s. because I
did a summer semester there and yes I
have carried it around the world with me
this blanket has been with me pretty
much everywhere which is a little bit
weird given that I'm 20 years old but
yes I do carry around my blanket don't
judge me and then over here we have this
little table I initially intended this
to be like you know the place where I
would do my makeup that never really
worked out because I actually don't have
enough light here because I get up very
early and you don't get any light from
the windows when it's like 5 a.m. so
that plan kind of died pretty quickly
but yeah so up here I have another
picture what a surprise and then here I
have this little decoration thing I
believe this is actually from a store
and I just asked them if I could get one
because yeah they used it in the
decoration I think it was a store for
bags but
I'm not really sure enough and then over
here I have this little spot remover
from origins I don't really use this too
much it's just something that I used to
like to use quite a lot but I feel like
it dries your skin out but yeah
sometimes it is useful so I have this
one here and then I have this little
memory box from my rabbit so in there I
just keep some little things that remind
me of her and then over here I have all
of my perfume samples which are a lot
now I usually get these when I buy stuff
and yeah I have accumulated them I never
really used to use them so I just had
this massive collection and I've
actually promised myself that I'm not
buying any new perfume until I've used
all of them up and you can see how well
this is going because they're still all
here but yeah I haven't bought new
perfume though so I am quite proud of
myself and then I have this little
makeup bag where I just keep some of my
lipsticks and some old powder but yeah
Narsee lipsticks and now we're getting
to my favorite part of this table which
is this my nail polish collection I know
that these are a ton of nail polishes
and these are probably way more than you
need
in my defense everybody kind of thing is
that giving me nail polish is a good
gift which is not wrong but that's why I
get a lot of nail polishes as gifts and
so I've just accumulated them and I want
to see I've probably bought like ten of
these and the rest were gifts but I mean
I'm not complaining because I love doing
my nails so yeah I love nail polishes
and playing around with them and then
here I just have some more stuff for
doing your nails and some makeup things
I don't really do a lot of eyeshadow or
anything crazy with like lashes but you
know we were all tempted at one point to
try it out and figure out whether we're
the next James Charles hint I'm not um
so yeah these are just things that I
play around with occasionally and it
also has this great mirror which I think
is really great if you actually want to
do your makeup there is just for me
personally it doesn't work out because
of the light thing but otherwise this
would be a great spot to do my makeup
now this desk also has a drawer and in
there I just keep some paper stuff so
these are usually some notebooks in
which I just you know write quotes and
whatever and then I also have this one
which is basically my brain dump book so
in there
I just you know write down things that
I'm interested in or yeah facts that I
come across which I like
pretty much anything like it's a very
random collection of things um so for
example here I wrote down like
everything about Schrodinger's cat
there's also a point in here where I
copied the glossary of like Treaty
actions from the UN which is right here
um so I literally just like wrote down
the entire thing I was like 16 when I
did this and I think I had no hobbies or
friends it's a little sad but it also
shows you that I really loved low at
Quon le age so yeah this is my little
brain dump Journal basically now aside
from that I have a little makeup palette
in here um I got this as a gift I
haven't really used it like ever but I
think it looks nice like the colors are
really pretty and we did play around
with it once but I haven't really tried
a look with it and then I have this
little heart here it's supposed to be
used for you know keeping like letters
and stuff that you get down but I don't
really get any physical letters so it
just stays here um and then I have these
two creams which I got as a sample and
yeah then some applicators for makeup
and stuff and then here this disgusting
little thing is blue tag which you can
use to glue things to a wall and then
later on take them off easily
I love blue tag and I still had this one
left over so I just keep it here in case
I need it and yeah then down here we
have lots and lots of books now this
wasn't really intended to be a place for
storing books but the thing is I had to
leave University a quite short notice
and I'm actually still in term time so
what I did is I had to bring most of my
books with me so this entire bin here is
basically just law books and yeah I
didn't really have space for them to be
honest so that's why they here alongside
lots of books which well I try to read
for fun and the thing is I don't really
have space for them either now you may
have noticed that there's actually no
bookshelf in my room and the reason for
that is that I store most of my books
down here in these black boxes under my
bed so I have
massive black boxes down there and I
just put off the books that I've read
into these but they're pretty full at
this point so ya might have to think
about actually selling some books or
something but yeah for now they're here
once this storage fills up which it will
pretty quickly because that's the only
space left I'm gonna have to figure
something out but for now my system is
store them here or in these boxes
next we have my desk over here and this
is actually just that I've had for a
very very long time because it sort of
grows with you because you can adjust a
height down there with these little
things so yeah I've been using this desk
pretty much then that was like five
years old and I'm 20 now oh yeah and it
has a little holder here for your back
so I just put my backpack there haven't
really used it in a long time because
honestly I haven't left the house and
then I also have this matching chair um
now I probably wouldn't pick this Prince
again if I were to pick it out now at
age 20 but back then I thought it was
super cool to have you know hearts on a
pink background
I'm luckily I still love pink but this
is a little much even for me but oh well
now it is here and yeah here is my desk
and I have another few pictures here
what a surprise now I made all of these
free in affinity designer because I
wanted them to match but you can
probably just super easily just you know
find something similar on Google Images
but the quotes I have on here our DOS
who don't know history are destined to
repeated then wherever law ends tyranny
begins and then I have a Latin quote and
I'm not going to but your Latin but the
translation basically means no day
she'll erase you from the memory of time
and then here I just have a lot of
panics and stuff because I usually take
a few notes but most of my things I do
digitally but still I keep some of them
here just in case I need to take
handwritten notes on something then some
hand cream because I have very dry hands
so I just like to keep some here I quite
like a scream it smells super super
nicely but it's actually not as
hydrating as I wanted to be so yeah one
necessarily recommended and then I have
this thing which is basically a book
stand but the thing is it's not that big
so my law books don't actually fit on
here
wise it will be super super useful but
it came with the desk so I'm not
complaining and then here we have a
little memory of Paris Paris it's my
favorite city and I've been there quite
a few times
so on one of his trips I brought this
one back and now it just stays here on
my desk and then there's my highlighters
collection which I know I have way too
many off but here we go this pencil case
is actually from a makeup collection I
didn't really like the brushes bad
it came with but I like the design of
depends okay so yeah just using that for
my highlighters instead and then down
here in the drawers I once again have a
lot of recycled boxes because yeah I'm
not paying for organizational boxes when
I can just recycle some of our stuff and
then here I have a lot of notebooks some
of these are full some of these are
empty I don't know why I usually get
them as gifts somewhere and then I just
keep them here and I have a massive
collection and then here I have some
flashcards sticky notes things like that
that you might just need and then in
these boxes I basically just have some
other stuff you know stationery related
so for example in this big one I have
lots of my French flashcards they are
cheap so from high school but I'm still
trying to you know keep up with my
friends so I still have fun
and yeah then just some other stuff and
also the self stamp which has never been
used but I have a stamp um and yeah and
then there's also a USB stick stuff like
that um so I just use these boxes to
keep stuff organized because ever why's
all of these would you know be flying
around in here and I don't really like
that so that's why I love using boxes
because they just make it seem like
everything has a place and like it's
tidy moving on to the second drawer in
there I just know I keep lots of other
pens some more highlighters yes there
are even more and then some more
flashcards these are from my summer
class which I took while I was in high
school and then here are ages soon lots
and lots of stationary things I don't
really know how I amassed this
collection it just somehow happened and
then here I have some more notebook
stuff like that
so yeah that's my desk and now we're
gonna get to my wardrobe which takes up
most of the space in my room and yes it
is actual
largely closed but to be honest I think
they could be arranged in a much smaller
space I just you know chose the design
of a wardrobe which allows you to spread
your stuff out now I have tried to color
code my wardrobe I'm not really sure if
this working but it's supposed to
started white and then it will you know
run through until the Mirador and there
should end the black yeah we will see if
this really worked out but yeah pretend
it did and then down here I have some of
my jewelry now this is probably my
favorite part off this wardrobe because
yeah you can just arrange your jewelry
like that I think this is super useful
because then you actually see what you
have and it's definitely something that
also has made me aware of the fact that
I have probably way too much jewelry now
most of my jewelry is from H&M and to be
honest I think I was just very tempted
when I was younger to just you know buy
another package of rings for example
because they're quite cheap so that's
why I have just amassed a lot of things
and yeah now I'm sort of more careful I
usually don't buy a lot from your
jewelry but yeah I love this about the
Wardrobe because you have your jewellery
arranged like this this is all IKEA by
the way the entire wardrobe so yeah I
love that and you can kind of
individualize it so you don't have to
you know have something like this or
have a glass above it you can do
whatever you want so these are very sort
of customizable things so I love that
and then down here I just have some of
my trousers and skirts and then here I
have another box once again a recycled
box and in there I actually keep things
for scrapbooks so you can see just some
old newspapers things like that which I
just glue onto things I like to make
travel diaries where I you know just use
snippets for newspapers pictures
recieves whatever I get so that's why I
just keep all of these things in here so
whenever I get a little bit artsy and
crafty then I get out this box
and that was my room tour I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching and if you're interested in my
other room tours which we're all doing
tours or if you would like to watch my
wardrobe tour I think all of these
videos any of the books below but yeah I
hope you enjoyed watching this video
thank you so much have a nice day bye